root claim docs (#142)
latent-to/developer-docs: docs/resources/glossary.md

**See also:** [Subnet Miners](../miners/), [Subnet Validators](../validators/), [Working with Subnets](../subnets/working-with-subnets.md)

### Root Proportion

A per-subnet metric that determines the ratio of dividends to stakers on Subnet Zero that are emitted in TAO or in the subnet's alpha token. Root proportion is calculated based on the relative weight of TAO staked in the root subnet compared to the total issuance for that specific subnet's alpha token.

**Properties:**
- **Range**: [0, 1] representing the proportion of dividends going to root stakers

> - **Higher root proportion**: More dividends converted to TAO for root subnet stakers

Reviewer: So this doesn't mean more is converted (necessarily), but that root owns a larger share

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Higher root proportion**: More of the total stake in the subnet is held by stakers in root, rather than directly in the subnet.
```
